Adam Gruhn
12/1/21

                        Quantitative Reasoning Reflection

In some cases, using different methods to do the same thing is going to be more
efficient. An example of being more efficient with the same thing would be with
my drawing a picture lab and drawing using functions lab. When making the waves,
it is much easier to create functions that I can just call to make the waves
and birds in the drawing. Loops can also make things easier, as in the array
backed grids. If I had to make each tile on its own it would be extremely
long and tedious, when a couple nested for loops makes it very simple.

I like to write out in the definitions of functions what the functions do,
especially if it isn't immediately obvious in the function name. In my final
lab, for example, in the rotate_clockwise and rotate_couterclockwise functions,
I drew a sort of picture in triple quotes to help better visualize. Sometimes
writing what a specific part of a function does instead of the function as a
whole also helps understand functions better. It can also help understand
how the functions connect to each other.

Often times I can just look down in the run tab at the bottom and see where the
code broke at. Understanding how the functions interact can help trace back to
where the issue is originating. Putting print statements in different areas
saying different things to see if the parts of the code are being called at all
also really helps. One error I had that didn't show up in either of these cases
was in my final lab, it would keep the information for the tiles in the correct
spot but drew them at the top of the screen instead of the bottom. What I did
for this was just went through my code and checked each part of my code that
drew something to see if it was drawing things properly.

There are a lot more variables to account for than just test scores or
statistics. For instance, how would an algorithm grade speeches that are
presented over different topics. How could they judge an athlete that is just
coming off of an injury when compared to an athlete that is completely healthy.
In running sports, weather and course difficulty also play a very large role in
how the athlete does on the day. There are just too many factors that have to
be taken into consideration that an algorithm would have to account for. Even if
they did account for all the possible factors, the amount of effort that the
algorithm would have to put in would destroy the computer.

